Docs for prefix permissions (#3278)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/advanced-features/s3-prefix-permissions.md

> # Restricting S3 access to specific prefix in bucket

Reviewer: "Restricting S3 access to specific prefix in bucket" change to "Restricting access to specific prefixes in a S3 bucket"

> # Restricting S3 access to specific prefix in bucket

Author: ```suggestion
# Restricting access to specific prefixes in a S3 bucket
```

> > User will still have access to the full lists of S3 objects,

Reviewer: "User" change to "Users"
"Full lists" change to "Full list" (remove the "s")

Author: I suggest making suggestions using `suggestion` feature. See item 6 in https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#adding-line-comments-to-a-pull-request.

> > User will still have access to the full lists of S3 objects,

Author: ```suggestion
> Users will still have access to the full list of S3 objects,
```

packages and logical keys inside of packages.

> 

Reviewer: Add the sentence:
"You can isolate user access to objects stored in specific S3 directories by defining an array of accessible `prefixes` in a custom IAM role or Amazon S3 bucket policy."

Create "custom" role or policy with these permissions:

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {

>             "Effect": "Allow",

Reviewer: Do we need to add a principal?

Author: No. It can be used only in resource-based policies. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_elements_principal.html
